Add details about .NET 8 SDK version 8.0.200 (#40152)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/docker/publish-as-container.md

## Add NuGet package

> Starting with .NET SDK version 8.0.200, the `PublishContainer` target is available for every project. To avoid depending on the `Microsoft.NET.Build.Containers` NuGet package, ensure that you're using the latest .NET SDK version. Additionally, your project file needs to have `IsPublishable` set to `true` and enable SDK container support. To enable SDK container support, set the `EnableSdkContainerBuildSupport` property to `true` in your project file.

Reviewer: two notes:
* IsPublishable is true by default for console/webapp/worker applications, so the majority of users will not have to specify this
* `EnableSdkContainerSupport` is the property (slight typo on your end :))  and it's set by default for Web and Worker projects - only Console projects need to add this property

Author: Updated, thank you for the review and corrections, much appreciated.

> Starting with .NET SDK version 8.0.200, the `PublishContainer` target is available for every project. To avoid depending on the `Microsoft.NET.Build.Containers` NuGet package, ensure that you're using the latest .NET SDK version. Additionally, your project file needs to have `IsPublishable` set to `true` and enable SDK container support. To enable SDK container support, set the `EnableSdkContainerBuildSupport` property to `true` in your project file.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with .NET SDK version 8.0.200, the `PublishContainer` target is available for every project. To avoid depending on the `Microsoft.NET.Build.Containers` NuGet package, ensure that you're using the latest .NET SDK version. Additionally, your project file needs to have `IsPublishable` set to `true` and enable SDK container support.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> By default, the `IsPublishable` property is set to `true` for `console`, `webapp`, and `worker` templates.

To enable SDK container support, set the `EnableSdkContainerSupport` property to `true` in your project file.
```

## Add NuGet package

Starting with .NET SDK version 8.0.200, the `PublishContainer` target is available for every project. To avoid depending on the `Microsoft.NET.Build.Containers` NuGet package, ensure that you're using the latest .NET SDK version. Additionally, your project file needs to have `IsPublishable` set to `true` and enable SDK container support.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> By default, the `IsPublishable` property is set to `true` for `console`, `webapp`, and `worker` templates.

To enable SDK container support, set the `EnableSdkContainerSupport` property to `true` in your project file.

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <IsPublishable>true</IsPublishable>

>   <EnableSdkContainerBuildSupport>true</EnableSdkContainerBuildSupport>

Author: ```suggestion
  <EnableSdkContainerSupport>true</EnableSdkContainerSupport>
```
